Add P-R lettered article stubs from glossary (#3867)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Resnap/en.md

---
stub: true
---

# Resnap

> **Resnap** refers to a pair of commands under the `Timing` header in the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor). One of which applies to the entire [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) and the other to the current timing section (if the beatmap has only one timing section, both commands are the same).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Resnap** refers to a pair of commands under the `Timing` header in the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor). One of which applies to the entire [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps), and the other to the current timing section. If the beatmap has only one timing section, both commands are the same.
```

> This command will automatically reposition all [hit objects](/wiki/Hit_object) on the timeline so that they fall on the closest beat division your snap divisor allows. Usage is suggested when there has been a change in offset and/or BPM, after objects have been placed. It is important to check every hit object and adjust its position on the [timeline](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Timelines) manually, since this tool isn't fully accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will automatically reposition all [hit objects](/wiki/Hit_object) on the timeline so that they fall on the closest beat division that the snap divisor allows. Usage is suggested when there has been a change in offset and/or BPM, after objects have been placed. Many creators reccomend checking every hit object and adjusting its position on the [timeline](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Timelines) manually due to this tool's inaccurate and systematic nature.
```
